Feature/updates (#59)
infinum/eightshift-docs: website/docs/basics/blocks-hooks.md

---
id: blocks-hooks
title: Hooks
sidebar_label: Hooks
---

[![docs-source](https://img.shields.io/badge/source-eigthshift--frontend--libs-yellow?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&labelColor=2a2a2a)](https://github.com/infinum/eightshift-frontend-libs/tree/develop/blocks/init/src/blocks/)

WordPress Block Editor hooks provide the same functionalities as PHP hooks. They are used to modify the behavior of existing blocks.

> Here you can check [WordPress documentation](https://developer.wordpress.org/block-editor/developers/filters/block-filters/) on this subject.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can check [WordPress documentation](https://developer.wordpress.org/block-editor/developers/filters/block-filters/) on this subject.
```

We didn't change anything here regarding the original documentation, but we simply provided you with the structured file where you can write all your hooks.

> Please follow this [example](https://github.com/infinum/eightshift-frontend-libs/blob/develop/blocks/init/src/Blocks/custom/column/column-hooks.js) for more inspiration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please follow this [example](https://github.com/infinum/eightshift-frontend-libs/blob/develop/blocks/init/src/Blocks/custom/column/column-hooks.js) to get more insights about using hooks in your project.
```
